What should I say? You really don’t think about it,
When it rains, teach us a lesson,
You also take care of my needs, right? This is not an opportunity for Tianzan Tongfeng.
I've already thought about it, no,
You haven't become a believer yet, go to that bitch,
Let’s talk about it later.
What if, the security guard and Long Huang,
There is an answer that the letter has not turned into.
Longhuang, even you are,
Dragon Yellow means being in the dragon, being in the dragon,
Being a dragon means there is no transformation.
Zhang Long, I am a fool,
You are not old enough. If you don’t believe me, let me
Don't believe me.
What are you deceiving?
I am Long Huahao
Then I am a child three times
Did I cheat?
I wonder if you and Baoan are from Longhua?
I'm the only one behind you
Knowledge is back